# Vehicle-Course
The class named Course is implemented in course.cpp and course.h and has a constructor that takes a multiline string that denotes a 2-d racetrack. The periods are the grass, the asterisks are pavement, the 'S' character denotes the start position, and the 'F' denotes the finish position.
The function AddVehicleToStart takes a pointer to a Vehicle object. This member function is used to register a Vehicle with the Course. The insertion operator shows where that Vehicle is on the course. There is also a copy constructor that copies the layout, but not the Vehicles on it.
The assignment operator assigns the layout and the vehicles to the lhs while checking that the rhs no longer has any vehicles post assignment.
The member function VehiclesAtFinish takes no parameters, and returns a set of Vehicles denoting the Vehicles that are currently occupying the Finish position. The ReturnOffTrackVehiclesToStart function doesn't take any parameters and moves all Vehicles that aren't on the course to the start and returns the number of Vehicles that needed to be moved.

The class named Vehicle is implemented in vehicle.cpp and vehicle.h. Vehicles are constructed with a char that represents the Vehicle in the course layout. the < and == operators are overloaded in the Vehicle class to allow for their use on the Vehicle objects for comparisons. Vehicles have a SetBearing member function that takes a char ('N', 'S, 'E', or 'W'), which denotes the direction the object is facing, anything else throws an std::invalid_argument exception. The MoveForward member function takes an int indicating how many spaces to move in the direction of its bearing. Vehicles have TurnLeft and TurnRight member functions that adjust its bearing.
